Add docs in Button around when to use Link (#761)
jpmorganchase/uitk: packages/core/stories/button.doc.stories.mdx

- **Primary** is the most commonly-used button.
- **Secondary** performs an action less likely to be triggered.

> If the use case requires the user to navigate to a new page or window rather than trigger a function, use a `Link` component instead. The exception to this behaviour is if the navigation is the core action on the page. In this case, a `CTA Button` should be used to trigger the navigation.

Reviewer: I would pass this by @maj-stella too

> If the use case requires the user to navigate to a new page or window rather than trigger a function, use a `Link` component instead. The exception to this behaviour is if the navigation is the core action on the page. In this case, a `CTA Button` should be used to trigger the navigation.

Reviewer 2: This would be best placed under the suggested 'Do not use when...' heading from the template, but that requires a 'Use when...' heading which we don't have here.

Author: @sion-docs i was wondering what to do in this case, given the description of the button is kind of the "Use when" case

> If the use case requires the user to navigate to a new page or window rather than trigger a function, use a `Link` component instead. The exception to this behaviour is if the navigation is the core action on the page. In this case, a `CTA Button` should be used to trigger the navigation.

Author: ```suggestion

##### Use when
- You want to indicate actions that the user can take.
- You need to highlight navigation as the core action on the page. In this case, a `CTA Button` should be used to trigger the navigation.

##### Don't use when

The use case requires the user to navigate to a new page or window rather than trigger a function, use a `Link` component instead.
```

Author: @sion-docs @joshwooding does that look better?

Reviewer: Looks good 👍🏽 I would double check "You need to highlight navigation as the core action on the page. In this case, a `CTA Button` should be used to trigger the navigation." with @maj-stella

Reviewer 2: That's great @Fercas123

Author: @joshwooding I updated it to the previous wording that @maj-stella  had already reviewed and approved.
